# Cplusplus-Program.
Project 3 summary  
The project as a whole was for a grocery store to allow for processing of all items sold that day which was output onto a text document. The code needed to allow for searching of individual items, as well as outputting a seperate data file with a summary of all items sold and the quantity.  
As for things I did well, I would say that my learning of some of the newer topics that we haven't directly gone over went really smooth. We had not previously gone over using maps in C++, so it was up to us if we wanted to use them. I had tried getting the program to work beforehand without them, but was running into more issues and opted to try and figure them out. I was able to get enough of an understanding through our textbook and through online sources to get the code working, which was great to be able to get applied. I would also say my planning for the program was very good, as I was thinking of what I needed to do for each aspect of code days before actually coding anything.  
I think there are always going to be ways to make my code more efficient as I continue to learn, whether by adding more functions to remove redundant code or more simple syntax that may be able to achieve the same results. I had also needed to add implement a class as part of the assignment, which I added the structure for, but was having issues trying to figure out how to get it implemented into the actual code since I had waited until I had the code working and functioning to add it.  
As for challenging code, most of my issues was actually getting the program to read through the original file, but that was due to an error on my part on line 69, where I was only getting a line if the file failed to open. Trying to implement a map while having not used one before did prove difficult, but I have had experience using dictionaries on python, which was relatively similar.  
I think most skills from this project will be transferrable to future work, but especially maps and the problem solving.  
While I do think theres plenty of room for improvement on maintainability, readability, and adaptability, I believe that as a whole it is good for my level of programming. It will adapt for continually growing item lists, and the growth/further adaptability would be easy to implement through minimal changes.  
